!!! Info "Information"  
    THIS DOCUMENT IS STILL UNDER DEVELOPMENT

# About This Document

This document describes the changes and new features in Dyalog v20.0 compared with Dyalog v19.0.

!!! Info "Information"  
    If you are upgrading from Dyalog v18.2 or earlier to Dyalog v20.0, you should read the Release Notes for any intermediate versions in conjunction with this document.
	
## Release Highlights

Key enhancements introduced in Dyalog v20.0 include the following:
 
- Array notation, a literal syntax for most arrays (including nested and high-rank arrays) and namespaces, has been introduced. With array notation, arrays can be entered and displayed over multiple lines.
- Namespace manipulation and data extraction has been made easier with the addition of `⎕VGET` and `⎕VSET`, and extensions to `⎕NS`. These changes are particularly useful when dealing with namespaces generated by applying `⎕JSON` to JSON requests from webservices, as default values an be specified to mitigate the effects of missing members.
- The two common patterns `(f Y) g Y` and `(f X) g Y` can now be represented by the new compositional operator _behind_ (`⍛`).
- `⎕SHELL` enables execution of external programs with more control and options than those provided by `⎕SH`/`⎕CMD`.
- Expressions can now be evaluated primitive-by-primitive using inline tracing, while accessing arguments and results of each function along the way.

For more information on these and other changes introduced in Dyalog v20.0, see [New and Enhanced Features](../new-enhanced.md).
	
## Tools
	
Some of the tools that are supplied with Dyalog have independent version numbers. For Dyalog v20.0, these include:

* Conga v3.6
* HTTPCommand v5.9
* Link v4.1
* SALT v2.9
* SAWS v1.4
* SQAPL v6.5
* User Commands v2.6

Additional tools can also be downloaded, some of which also have independent version numbers. For Dyalog v20.0, these include:

* Ride v4.6 (see [https://dyalog.github.io/ride/4.6/](https://dyalog.github.io/ride/4.6/))

Changes to tools are not included within these Release Notes.